[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a fantasy action
film along with the gods
the two worlds spoiler ahead watch out
and take care
in korean buddhist folklore it is
believed that when a man dies
his soul will go through a series of
seven trials within 49 days in hell
only those who pass all the trails are
able to reincarnate
firefighter kim sacrifices his life to
save others in the line of duty
and unknowingly becomes a dead soul
claimed by hell
before he realizes his own death he is
greeted by two afterlife guardians
they come to inform kim that he is
already dead and will undergo judgments
escorted by them
as a paragon of virtue in life kim is
qualified as a rare vip candidate for
reincarnation
kim's request to bid farewell to his
mother is rejected
and he is sent to hell directly the
handsome guardian brings kim to the
grand entrance of hell
and introduces to him the leader who has
successfully helped 47 dead souls
to reincarnate over the past 1000 years
paragon kim is most likely his 48th
client to make it
the first trial for kim takes place in
the volcano of the damned and murder
hell
actually the seven trials deal with
man's seven sins
namely deceit inaudible justice betrayal
violence murder and filial piety the
order of the trials is determined by the
king of afterlife himself
and the severity of the trials will come
in ascending order
kim fumbles when he learns the volcano
of the damned is the murder hell
god of murder orders the judge to put
kim on trial and list his evil
acts kim is accused of murder because he
had accidentally sacrificed his
colleague
in order to save innocent person in a
rescue fortunately
the female guardian cutie uses the
mirror of karma
to show the actual record of the day
acknowledging that kim saved eight lives
on the same day
god of murder rules that kim is innocent
when they are on the river of indolance
kim asks the trio why they yearn for his
reincarnation
cutie blurts out that it is a promise
between the king and the three guardians
if they are able to reincarnate 49 souls
over a century
they will be reincarnated with their own
choice as well
coming in as their 48th candidate him is
of top priority for them
before kim's entering hell of indolence
leader emphasizes that kim should not
reply to any questions from the goddess
of indolence
the awesome waterfall of the indolence
hell screens kim's life events
he is so hard-working that the judge has
nothing to accuse him
but when the goddess of indolence poses
a question kim breaks his silence to
answer her
however knowing that kim only works for
the money goddess of indolence decides
to punish him
at this time below the waterfall
gigantic rock is rolling over the souls
countless sinners who idle away their
lives are now running ceaselessly
just to escape the fate of being crushed
kim is frightened to see such a form of
punishment
at the edge of the waterfall leader
requests goddess of indolence
to reveal kim's deeds through the mirror
of karma it has proven that kim worked
hard to support his younger brother and
ailing mother
thanks to the leader's justification the
sentimental but judgmental goddess of
indolence
finally acquits kim even though they
managed to pass the trial safely
kim's rash actions agitate leader to
teach him a lesson
leader puts him alone through the sorrow
in the blade forest of deceit hell
kim gets to know that if he earns the
reincarnation he will be allowed to meet
his mother through a dream
the longing for his mother strengthens
him to cooperate with the guardians
taking advantage of the paragon's
privilege the trio prepare to sail
quickly through the blade forest
however in the middle of their journey
they are attacked by ghouls of hell
while fighting against the ghouls leader
asked him if he has any direct relatives
in the land of the living
it is because the horde of hell ghouls
is triggered only when his direct
relative becomes a vengeful spirit
owing to leader in handsome's tireless
efforts the ghouls retreat
but the existence of a vengeful spirit
accelerates kim's trials
and they might not pass all trials in
time compelled by the spirit's
interference
leader decides to visit the living world
for an investigation
while the rest proceeds when leader sees
kim's mute mother life and sound
he confirms the vengeful spirit must be
his brother
but brother runs away immediately before
leader gets hold of him
so leader stays back to sort out the
mess at hell
kim thinks the vengeful spirit must be
his mother and sadly removes the eye
cover
which shields him from the ghouls
shortly after he does that
bulls surround them it looks like the
game is over because the chance for
handsome to triumph over the ghouls is
rather slim
but to everyone's surprise the crisis is
miraculously resolved by king's
unexpected visit
in fact king is alarmed by the existence
of the vengeful spirit
strangely king's appearance makes kim
more certain of his mother's death when
he learns that the vengeful spirit will
soon be destroyed forever
he confronts king and rage handsome
manages to stop his foolish acts
and save the team from more troubles
later the trio arrive at the hell of
deceit
kim is later put on trial for having
written 98 fake letters to the daughter
of his fallen colleague
at the same time leader finds out that
when during brothers military service
he often took care of one junior soldier
moreover his absence has created loads
of
anxiety in his lieutenant and the
particular junior
suspecting that the two must be related
to brother's death leader disguises
himself as an officer
to interrogate the lieutenant at hell
goddess of deceit punishes kim for the
fakes letters
filled with worries for the afterlife
trials leader speeds up the
interrogation
but the lieutenant refuses to tell him
the truth leader then supernaturally
connects with cutie to defend kim
leader argues that the fake letters give
hope to the bereaved family quoting that
his fake letters to his mother as
supporting evidence
for 15 years kim has lied to mother
about his family and career success
but such lies have encouraged his ailing
mother to recover from her illness
in the end goddess of deceit is moved by
kim's kindness
and dismisses his charges to appease kim
leader falsely claims that all is well
with his mother and brother
kim is overjoyed hearing that but
leaders on true statement has led to an
avalanche in the glaciers of
injustice hell fortunately nothing wrong
is found in kim
and they safely pass through the
injustice hell without any trial
the trio moves to the next court by a
cable car
kim happens to know from their chit chat
that the vengeful spirit is brother
and leader is now dealing with the case
as handsome leaks out the truth
the cable car gradually collapses and
kim rescues the two guardians
kim's desire to reincarnate and meet
mother in the dream
now grows even stronger later the trio
pass through the heavily passage
that meanders to the betrayal hell since
kim has lived a noble life
he leaves the betrayal hell without any
hassles
in the world of the living leader
discovers that brother was seriously
injured
by the accidental discharge of junior's
rifle
the lieutenant was worried that his
promotion would be obstructed by this
accident
mistaking that brother was dead they
hastily buried him alive
such a tragedy reminds leader of his own
trauma bringing tears to his eyes
out of thin air handsome surprise visits
leader in the living world
he cautions leader not to overstep the
boundary and advises him to return to
hell as soon as possible
in contrast to hanson's advice leader
continues with the investigation
and begins to follow junior from there
he locates the vengeful brother
and hunts him down when brother sobs out
his grievances
later recalls his late father who was
also buried alive
although leader tries all means to calm
brother down he cannot let go of his
grudges
when leader is not on guard brother
takes the opportunity to strike him
and breaks away having made little
progress in the living world
leader then decides to first focus on
kim's afterlife trials
however when kim learns that brother is
stirring up troubles
kim begs leader to lend a helping hand
the drunken junior cannot bear his own
guilt
and finally tips off the location of
brother's body to mother
while he is doing all this leader
witnesses everything
and follows him through in fact junior
wants to commit suicide
when junior hangs himself and is about
to die brother's hatred vanishes
and pleads leader to save him even
though leader is not technically allowed
to intervene in earthly affairs
he empathizes with the brother and stops
junior
leaders transgression has brought
disaster to the trio
so they start falling in the vacuum sink
hole of violent hell
at such a critical moment brother
reconciles with junior
by a leader as the medium as a result
the trio finally stopped falling
kim then reaches the hell of violence
where he is reluctantly reminded of
beating brother
when they were young since kim is not
forgiven the god of violence judges him
leader tells cutie to ask for a combined
trial at the next hell
despite hansom's disagreement cutie
carries out leaders instruction
the judges nod their heads right away
for a combined trial means a more
disastrous outcome for the trio
on their journey across the eternal
desert cutie discovers another shocking
fact
when kim was young mother fell badly ill
and brother was suffering from
malnutrition
out of no hope kim decided to commit
famicide
but his plan was discovered by brother
kim ended up beating brother
and left home he had given everything to
his family
during the 15 years he was away but none
of that changes the fact
that he wanted to kill them in the first
place leader brings brother back to the
place of his burial
and prepares to release his soul from
purgatory
but mother brings the map to meet up
with lieutenant seeing mother being
treated rudely
brother who had calmed down previously
loses control again
as he gets ready to take revenge on
lieutenant sandstorm rages in the living
world in hell
kim is almost killed by the quicksand in
the hell of filial piety
but brother pauses in time fearing that
kim would die by his actions
and once leader snatches the opportunity
to arrest him
since the vengeful spirit is under
control king directly judges kim
cutie attempts to contextualize kim's
actions in such a way that the purity of
his soul remains intact
but king proves her wrong with the most
powerful evidence when kim wanted to
kill his mother
his mother actually regained
consciousness the mother just didn't
want to burden her children so she
didn't choose to resist
the two brothers finally know what truly
happened on that day
kim feels so guilty that he volunteers
to swallow all the punishment
but leader empowers brother to end her
mother's dream in the dream
brother says his final goodbye to mother
and explains to her why
kim had tried to kill her the children's
sufferings have pierced the mute
mother's heart
and she amazingly speaks in the dream
with immense love
she forgives her children from the
bottom of her heart
as kim's sins have been pardoned in the
living world king cannot judge him in
the afterlife
owing to mother's grace kim is permitted
to reincarnate
and brother has become the next paragon
leader is struck that handsome did not
pay him any visit in the living world
the one who stopped and warned him is
actually king instead
so leader decides to bring brother
directly to the heliphil piety managed
by king
even though before meeting king they
have to overcome thousands of warriors
in hell
leader fears nothing at all longing to
send brother to reincarnation
and probe into the reasons behind his
burial leader and handsome gear up for
the battle
and run towards the heliphil piety where
king sits and thrown
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out